The world is in a chaos right now and the markets are crashing. In this video, I'm going to show you strategies which can be very profitable in volatile market conditions like this when most traders are losing money. I'm going to show you two strategies, one for large accounts and one for small accounts. I've made more than 100k in realized profit this month and I'm going to show you my strategies behind the scenes including my real trade breakdowns. If you stay till the end, I'm also going to show you a trade which went into a loss and how I made a simple adjustment to turn it around and turn it into a massive profit. This video is for education only. Any examples shared in this video are for demonstration purposes. They are not recommendations. I'm not a financial advisor. So, talk to your financial advisor and do your own research before making any decision. Options trading is highly risky and past performance is not an indication of future results. Before we go into the strategies, let me show you my actual results. This is E-Trade which is one of the top US-based regulated broker and this is one of my account. You can see here today there is $0 profit in it because I did not make any trades today. And if we change the dates from March 1st to March 20th, so we can see month-to-date 20 days performance. I've made about $13,392 in this account month-to-date and you see something here called deferred loss. This is not an actual loss. What this means is in an options there are two sides. One side is going to make profit, one side is going to lose. So, the IRS do not want you to be able to write off tax loss from the losing side which is why it shows up here as deferred loss because I am not allowed to write it off for tax purposes. But after that, the net profit is $13,392. I have also verified this account on a third-party platform called Kinfo and you can see details for that in the description below. And this is my second account where I have a realized gain of $1,639 today. But you can see here that today I also have a $14,900 of unrealized loss because this account is a mix of a long-term and my active trading. And obviously the market and obviously the Nasdaq was down more than 2% today. So, this account is down more than 2% as well. But you also see that I also have 336,000 of unrealized gain in this account and the net account value is close to a million dollars. So now, let's change the dates here from March 1st to 20th and you can see here my total realized gain for this month is $99,800. So, both of these accounts combined approximately $114,000 in realized gains. Let's discuss the state of the market right now. S&amp;P is in a clear downtrend. We have broke the 200-day moving average and S&amp;P is now at 6,500 down from 7,000. But looking into context it feels like it is down a lot but we are actually only down about 7% from the all-time highs. We are not even in a 10% correction territory yet. Back in 2022 when the market was going down and I kept buying the dip and it was very brutal. The market kept going down all year long and there was no end in sight. Every day it felt like getting punched in the face. In the long term, it worked out okay because I made a lot of long-term investments but in the short term, it was very painful and I learned a very expensive lesson that everyone is a genius in a bull market and I can no longer rely on strategies which only work in a bull market. And that's when I started to go deep into delta neutral strategies because in delta neutral strategies, market direction does not make much difference because we profit from theta decay. The market can go up, down, or in circles and we can still find opportunities to make profit even in a down year. So, what is delta neutral? Now, most traders think that you need the market to go up to make money. You buy stock or call options. If you're right, you make profit. If you're wrong, you lose money. But in delta neutral, we look at the market in a completely different way. Instead [snorts] of looking at if the market is going up or down, we look at a range. It's a range-based strategy. So, we like to trade in a predefined range and as long as the market stays in this range we make profit. You often hear about day traders complaining about the choppy markets, everyone losing money in a choppy markets. Most of the time, market is actually choppy. And that's where delta neutral strategies can make profit all the time. Delta neutral strategies are evergreen but they can be even more profitable in a volatile conditions like this. There are several types of delta neutral strategies for different market conditions like strangle, straddle, iron condor, iron fly, butterfly, and calendar spreads. In this videos, I'm going to teach you two strategies but in my upcoming video, I'm going to teach you even more high-performing strategies. So, don't forget to hit the like and subscribe button so you can get my latest strategy videos. Before we go into the strategies, you also need to understand this concept of volatility and how it makes it even more profitable to trade these strategies in market conditions like this. VIX is called the fear index. It is the index of market volatility and typically it is trading around 15. Anything under 15 is usually low. When it gets over 15, things start to heat up. Right now, we are trading between 25 to 30 which is pretty high. Most of the times when market is in a fear, VIX goes high and when market goes down, VIX also comes down. When VIX is high, options premium skyrocket and make options way more expensive. Let's say you buy an option in the market moves in your direction you can still end up losing the trade because of something called the volatility crush. Because you are buying inflated premium right now, when VIX goes down, those option prices are also going to come down which means that even if you're right, you can still end up losing money which makes it a perfect opportunity to sell options instead because right now I can sell options and I can get paid way more. There are options which I was selling for couple hundred dollars a few weeks ago. Those same options are now worth $500. So, I can make much more money when volatility is high. Now, let's put these concepts into practice using a couple of different strategies to see how it works in our favor. The first strategy is called the short strangle. Short strangle is the basis of most of the delta neutral strategies. It typically has higher capital requirement. It's not for everyone but even if you are not going to trade this strategy, it's still very important to understand this strategy because this is the building blocks of the strategies you are going to learn in the next step. In a short strangle, we are going to sell an out-of-the-money call and put and collect premium from both the sides. Let's say a stock is trading at $100. I can go out and sell a 95 strike put and I can also sell a 105 strike call and I collect premium from both the sides. Now, it will create a payoff chart like this where I make profit as long as the stock stays in this range from 95 to 105. If the stock stays in this range I get to pocket the premium I've collected from both the sides and the options expired worthless. The reason why it works so well is because the theta decay is working for us and if we were to sell just a put, I would collect premium from one side. But here since I'm also selling a call, I'm collecting twice the premium for the same capital requirement. And volatility crush is also going to work in my favor. If VIX starts to come down, even if the prices of the market is not moving much, I'm going to profit from both the sides because of the volatility crush. And in this case, I do not need to be right on the direction. I just need to pick a range. In this example, I have picked 95 to 105 range. But if you want, you can pick a much wider range. You can even go with 90 to 110 dollar range. That will give you a 10% up or down protection. Now, let me show you a real trade example where I made $2,500 just yesterday. So yesterday, QQQ opened at 589 and after the market settled down for about 30 minutes or 1 hour, I usually go out and sell an out-of-the-money strangle. So yesterday, I sold 587 strike put and then I also sold a 595 strike call. Now, after this, throughout the day market went up and down a little. It was very choppy and for a while it also went up. So, when I enter a trade like this I just need the market to stay within this channel and if the market stays in this channel, I get to pocket the premium I collected from both sides. So, in this case, I collected about $2,700 in premium for selling the strangle at 587 and 595 strike and I was able to close my trade before 3:00 p.m. for 90% profit where I was able to capture $2,560 for 20 lots. I make a trade like this almost daily and it works very, very well. But there is one catch with this. Selling a strangle like this requires about $9,000 in capital. Now, it might look like I'm just collecting $140,150 for 9,000 but I'm collecting that daily. So, if you add it over weeks and months, it adds up to a lot of money. And the other thing is there are ways to change this trade into another strategy but we can actually make a trade like this with just a few hundred dollars and I'm going to show you that in the next step. When we are selling a strangle, we can sell it for any trade duration. Let's say I want to sell this triangle for QQQ expiring in about 4 weeks. So, I can select a date like this. Then the next thing we need to do is select strikes. I typically like to start at 20 delta and then calibrate to find my best setup. So, let's say in this case we can sell a put at 550 and we can sell a call at 610 strike. This will give us 24 delta on the call side and approximately 23 delta on the put side. So, slightly more than 20, but it works for this example. Now, it will create this kind of payoff diagram where I have a very wide range where I can make profit. If the price goes out of this range, then I can start to lose. And this range is pretty wide. My break-even point is 538 on the downside, 621 to the upside because the premium we receive for selling this option is going to offset our break-even point as well. So, I have about 6.5% to the upside and 7% to the downside. As long as stock trades in this range, I get to keep this credit. And the credit I will receive for this trade is about $1,184 for about $9,000 in margin. So, on $9,000 I can make about 13% return if the stock trades in this range, even if the market goes up, down, or in circles. As long as the stock stays in this range, I get to pocket this premium. But I typically never sell overnight strangles. The reason for that is if there is a black swan event overnight where the market gaps up or down by more than 5%, I can be in a significant loss. So, I'm more comfortable selling strangles intraday where I can use a stop loss to protect my downside because I don't want to lose more money than the reward. So, if I'm collecting $100, my stop loss is also going to be $100 for an even risk-reward scenario. And in that case, I only need slightly more than 50% to be profitable. And in that case, as long as I win more than 50% of my trade, I can be profitable. Now, strangles is not for everyone, especially not for newbies. So, I'm going to teach you another strategy which we can do with just a few hundred dollars and which is much lower risk. That strategy is called the iron condor. The way iron condor works is we start with a strangle. So, let's say a stock is trading at $100. We sell a 95 put, we sell a 105 call, and then we can go out of the money and buy hedges for protection. So, in this case, after selling the 95 put, I'm going to buy a 90 put, and then I will sell a 105 call and buy 110 call for protection. What this is going to do is it will turn our trade into a defined risk setup. It requires much less capital. It is lower risk, but it has very similar mechanics as the strangle. So, let's go into the options trade and convert the strangle trade into an iron condor. So, after selling 550 put, I can go out and buy a put which is about 10 points out of the money. So, selling 550 put and buying 540 put. And same thing I can do on the call side as well. So, I can sell 610 call and buy a 620 call. Now, this will reduce our credit from more than $1,000 to 413, but in this case, our capital requirement is only 587, and that is also our max loss. So, in a worst-case scenario, if the market moves more than 5%, the maximum I can lose is $587. So, if I'm risking $587 to make $413 upside, that is a very good payoff. So, in this kind of trade, I can make about 70% return on my capital in just 4 weeks. But there is something even better which is working in our favor. Like I said, when VIX is high, the premiums go up. So, in this case, typically if I were to make a trade like this, maybe I will only get $200 credit. But now in this case, for such a wide range, I'm getting $400 credit. So, when VIX starts to come down, let's say implied volatility comes down. So, out of the 70% profit I want to make, I can actually make most of that profit in just a couple of weeks if the stock stays in this range and VIX comes down. When VIX goes high, typically after that the next logical step is that it cools down. But in this case, even if it does not cool down, even if it stays in this range, I'm collecting such high theta premium that I can make profit as long as it stays in this range. And this is getting me a very wide break-even range of $545 to $614. So, that means I can make profit even if the stock goes up by 5% or even if it goes down by 6%. I can make profit in both directions. And another benefit of high VIX is that it is going to get us much wider range. Typically, if I were to sell a 20 or 25 delta iron condor like this, I would only get 2 to 3% range on both sides. But here we are getting well over 5% range on both sides. So, which is why these kind of strategies can be even more profit during volatile market conditions like this compared to the regular calmer markets. Now, let me show you an actual trade where I opened a trade couple of weeks ago. My range breached. It went into a loss, but still I was able to make a simple adjustment and turn it into a $5,000 profit trade. So, let me show you a real trade breakdown which I also shared in my private Discord community. SPX was trading at 6850 at that time. So, I opened an iron condor in about 8 days expiration where I selected 6700 put on the downside and 7000 call on the upside. That means I will make profit if SPX trades between 6700 to 7000. I collected about $910 premium for each contract. That means my risk would be about $1,600 for an upside of $900 in about 8 days. The trade first went into a profit of 16% in the first day, but after a couple of days, the trade went into a loss because SPX broke down under 6700. So, at that point my trade was in about 10 to 20% loss, but instead of panicking, I did a simple adjustment which turned this trade around into a massive profit. So, all I had to do was I closed the existing strikes of 6700 and 7000, and I chose new strike with 6400 put and 6900 call, which gave me a very wide, much wider range than before. And also, I extended my expiration date by another week. So, in this case, my total cost of this roll was about 1.5 debit. So, at this point, initially I received about $910 credit, and now I paid back $150 out of it. So, at this point, I still have more than $750 to work with, and that can be my profit. Then what happened after that? In just a couple of days, the trade actually turned back into green, and in another week or so, it actually captured most of the profit, and it was at 67% profit in just 1 week. And then after a few more days, it was at 90% profit. And this is the current state of that trade. It expired today on March 20th, and it expired with 100% profit even though S&amp;P dropped even more at 6500. Remember, when I opened this trade, SPX was 6850, and it dropped 350%. And still this trade ended up making 100% profit. So, after the cost of rolling and everything, I made well over $5,000 profit in this trade. So, you see that with strategies like this, we can work our way out of a trade even if it completely turns against us. And it's not just me, people in my program are also crushing it. You can see that this person made $9,290 using strategies like this. This person made $2,995 in a day, $7,500 in a day, $28,000 in a month, another 2,500 in a day, $1,500 in a day, 2,500 in a day, $5,000 gain in a day trading similar strategies like this. If you want to learn my next level strategies where we can make profit in any market condition, regardless if the market is going up, down, or in circles, there are different strategies for different market conditions, including the adjustment and rolling strategies, how to manage your trade and turn it into a profit or break-even when things go against you, check out my coaching program in the description below. In this program, I share my next level strategies which I cannot share on YouTube. And it's not just a basic level simple program. In this program, you can get started as a beginner, but you can learn everything I learned in the 5 years in just a few months and become a very proficient trader. Or if you just want to join my private Discord community, you can also check it out in the description below. To manage this trade, I like to follow this 50% rule. It has two components to it. The first is when a trade like this goes to 50% profit, that is usually the optimal time to take profit because when we take profit at 50% and roll that capital into the next trade, that is where we can generate the highest annualized return. And the other component is that if I open a trade for 4 weeks duration at 2 weeks mark, I'm looking to get out of the trade either for a profit or a small loss or break even or if it needs an adjustment, I would make an adjustment by the 2 week mark because after 2 week the risk in the trade is going to significantly increase because of gamma risk. So, what I would like to do is if my trade horizon is 2 weeks, I'm going to open a trade with 4 week duration. So, if my trade outlook is 1 week, I'm going to open a trade with 2 week duration with a plan to get out of the trade in the midway. When we follow these rules, we can get a higher win rate with smaller losses and better risk management. Tasty Trade has also done a lot of research on this and they say that this is the way to go. Just like any other strategy, this also has certain risk. There is no free lunch in this world. You need to have a defined loss before entry. So, if I'm selling a strangle, I would typically use a stop loss for it, but if I'm selling an iron condor, I don't use a stop loss on iron condor because it is defined risk. The way to do that is position sizing. So, if I'm making an iron condor trade, I am not going to risk more than 2 to 4% of my capital. My stop loss is not based on it going down certain percentage. First, I would try to make an adjustment and see if I can get out at a break even. If things are completely going against me and the market trend has changed, then I would be okay to exit at a small loss. But when you enter a trade like this, you have to be prepared for the max loss scenario. So, you only take position which you are okay in case if it goes to zero. With any strategy, just start with one contract as at first and or even start with paper trading until you get fluent with it. And you need to have an adjustment plan before you enter this trade. A lot of people message me on the day of expiration when the trade has gone down 90% and they ask me how do I adjust it now. That is not the time to adjust. If you plan on making an adjustment, you need to know about it before you enter the trade and you should make the adjustment before the halfway mark. And take profits when you see it. Don't try to squeeze out the every last dollar. The ideal profit target is about 50% and sometimes I can hold also more than 50%, but this kind of setup has diminishing returns. Let's say if I sell an iron condor with $1,000 credit, the maximum I can make in that trade is $1,000. So, once it goes to $500 profit, at that point, I'm risking $2,000 to make the next $500. When it goes to $800 profit, at that point, I'm risking $2,300 to make the last $200. So, at that point, the juice is not worth the risk. If you like this video, don't forget to hit the like and subscribe button and check out other videos on my channel where you can learn more strategies like this.