That's right, guys. You can now automate your entire portfolio with AI, cryptos and stocks. And it's finally super easy to do using Cloud Routines. And I've been running this with real money. Okay, but why does it matter and how is it different from automating with TradingView? It matters because the AI can scan the market and find you opportunities like these and get you in before the pump happens. It can also find shorting opportunities, as you can see here. And that means that this is useful in market and also in the bear market. In TradingView, you would have to pick the coins yourself and then set up the automation with the trading alerts. And yes, you can catch these pumps. But how do you even know that a coin even matters? Okay, Michael, but how does it perform? Well, first of all, it makes money. As you can see here, the AI opens long and short positions and manages them fully automatically. And this is the equity curve of that strategy. Quite impressive. These are the KPIs for the Gaussian Channel Trend Radar that goes long and short. As you can see here, 7,492% profit with 35.6% max drawdown since 2018 1st of January. Over 2,689 trades, which adds confidence to these results. As a software engineer and as a data guy, of course, I care about the performance and I want to make sure that it's legit KPIs that I'm looking at and that's why I ran a massive amount of simulations before I put my money on the line and I want to know I'm doing the right thing. This trading strategy is described by the trading prompt, which you can easily copy and use from here. And the prompt is the trading strategy now because it contains all of the rules that the AI has to follow in order to achieve these KPIs. And it needs the prompt with the trading rules because it has to also know which coins to pick and the position size for each trade. So, we've leveled up from when to buy and when to sell to which coin to even trade and with how much money decided fully automatically by the AI. There are more prompts with better KPIs even for stocks right here which outperforms the S&amp;P 500 in 609 trades also since 2018, but I will talk more about these prompts later in the video. Sounds interesting, Michael, but how hard is this to set up and can I use it right now? 100%, which is why I'm making this video. Guys, it's very easy. We just need to connect Claude with the Signum MCP. Why Signum? Because it brings the Trend Radar data and that's what the AI needs to find the opportunities in the market. The entire setup, guys, is very easy and fast, but I need to explain to you the details so you know what you're doing, right? So, first of all, we need to connect the MCP and then we need to set up the routine by copy-pasting the prompt from Signum and picking a schedule so that it runs once a day fully automatically in the cloud, okay? So, all of this is very easy to do. If I do it myself, it takes 60 seconds for the whole thing, but it will take maybe 10 minutes, maybe 12 minutes to explain it to you. So, get your coffee, guys, and show some love to this video. If it blows your mind, click the like button, subscribe to this channel for more content like this. This is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, but of course, that's why I'm showing you AI automation and educate you to do the right thing. Let's get started. Okay, guys, let's set this up and as we're going to connect Claude to Signum and Signum to HyperLiquid. We are not going to talk about TradingView because you already know how to automate strategies from TradingView and if you don't know, I will put a video up in the top right corner. Because anyway, this is the old way of doing it and using AI is unlocking all of the benefits I told you before. So, let's start by creating a Signum account. For that, simply go to signum.money and then click on sign up now. And it's fully free to create the account. And once you're in Signum, click on create bot and then click on futures and then click on hyperliquid. The reason for futures is because I'm going to use the prompt that also goes short and for that I need it to be a futures account. To create a connection between Signum and hyperliquid, we have to go to hyperliquid and create an API key and that will give us the API wallet address, the private key and as well this is the account we're trading with, the address of that account. And in order to know how to do all of that, you have all the explainers right here, how to create an account on hyperliquid right here, how to fund the account. You need to fund it first before you can actually create an API key, that's how they do it. And then how to create the API key, it's all here and we even have a video specifically about hyperliquid which I will link in the top right corner. And if you want to get the 4% trading fee discount on hyperliquid for spot and futures, then create your account using this button. And if you already have an account, click here on referrals and then enter Signum. Okay, now go ahead and create the account, fund the account and then create the API key, put the information here, it's all explained down there like I said. And by the way, in the creation process of the bot, you can choose any trading pair you like, for example ETH USDC because the AI will change it to what it needs anyway. And then you have your first trading bot that is connected to your account which has funding on it. And in my case here, I have 100 USDC on it. And this is the hyperliquid account I have just connected, here are the 100 USDC ready to be traded by the AI. And now I want the AI, specifically Claude, to have access to these funds and also set the trading pair it wants to trade depending on the trading logic and really manage the entire bot fully automatically for me. So what we're doing now is we're connecting Claude to Signum and telling Claude which of my bots to use. For that, go back to Signum and scroll down until you find this box here, trigger this bot. And how to trigger this bot, right, is through TradingView, through your API, but also through MCP, through the AI itself. And that's why everything going to need is going to be here in this MCP tab. So, click on it to open it up. And then, let's set up the connection. If you scroll way down, cuz you need this only once, right? You will find this URL here, Claude Connectors. So, click on this icon to open it up in a new tab. And here, you set up the connection between Claude and Signum. So, click here on plus, click on add custom connector. You can ignore the advanced settings. And now, you need to give it a name, Signum. And the remote MCP server URL is in Signum. Back in Signum, you can scroll up a little bit and you will find it right here. Copy it and paste it there. Click add. And now, you see that you need to connect because you also need to give permissions. So, click connect. Make sure to be logged into Signum because this will redirect you there. And here, you need to keep everything checked and click allow. And tada, you have created the connection successfully and the AI has access to all of these actions, trend radar data, and sending trading signals. But even more than that, you'll be very surprised what you can do with this, like sending you an email with all the trades it made to keep you up-to-date. And also, you can simply chat with your Signum account. And you can ask it about the status of things, how it's doing. And that's exactly what we're going to do now because we want to test if this connection works. And for that, we're going to go all the way to the left and click here on new chat. And we're going to chat with our account. Make sure that the connector Signum is activated, which for me it is. And I'm going to choose Sonnet 4.6. It's totally enough for what we're doing here. And as well, the effort level will be medium. There's no need to spend more tokens. and Sonnet can even create diagrams in the chat which the other models cannot for some reason. So, for me it's the best one for this use case. So, simply ask it, "Please summarize my Signum account for me and show me how my funds are distributed in a diagram." Let's run this and see what happens. So, here it uses the list bots endpoints so that it can fetch all my bots, right? So, what it's doing right now is scanning through all of my bots and fetching the assets and then hopefully summarizing them nicely. Now it has all the data, it wants to approximate the US dollar value of all of those assets that I hold in there. Then that's very helpful because later on it can do a pie chart and show me how my money is distributed. And as you can see here, it creates these nice boxes and I think here we might get a diagram. Yeah, there you go. So, this is just from asking it one simple question to summarize my Signum account and this is not even trading yet, but it's already very useful to know how your trading bots are performing, what they're doing, and simply asking it even from the mobile app what is going on in your trading account and that's possible because you have connected Claude with Signum and Claude has full access to everything you would have access to as well. Just that it's fully automatic and it can do it for you. So far so good, everything works, but now what we want to do is we want Claude to trigger itself periodically with the trading prompt and then get access to the bot, understand which assets are there, and make the necessary trades based on the trend radar, right? So, the difference here is that instead of us triggering it, okay, by going to the chat, we going to use the routines and the routines, they can run in a schedule and that's why they can run when we are doing other things. It's fully automatic, right? Let's set up the routine. This is the trade automation now with the prompt. For that, we go back to Signum and we open up the bot we want to use for this automation. We scroll down and we click on the MCP tab because again, everything you need for the MCP is in that tab. And now, we're going to use the routines URL here. We're going to open it up, so click on this button to open it up in a new tab. And this is how it looks for me, but you might have to go through a wizard before you can use this. We need to do some setup before the setup. So, let's click on continue on web. Click on get started. Click on connect different way. Click on skip this step and click on create and finish. We just want to get through the setup process so we can finally access the routines. The routines are part of Claude code and that means you need the pro plan or above. Okay, now the fun starts because finally we can automate with AI. So, here click on the button on the top right saying new routine. And you need a name. Go back to the Signum bot and you can copy the name from here. Paste it into the Claude routine. And now, you need to give it the instructions which is the trading prompt which is the trading strategy. So, go back to Signum, scroll up and copy this prompt right here. It's the Trend Radar Gaussian Channel Crypto Long and Short Version 2. If the version updates, then you will see when it was updated and as well it will have a higher version number. It would have three, for example. So, I recommend you check this out once in a while so you always use the last version. So now, click on copy AI prompt and paste it here into the Claude routine. Notice when you scroll up that your bot ID is already in the prompt, so make sure you're using the right bot for this. Meaning, the one that you want to use for this crypto automation. And now, make sure to choose Sonnet 4.6. It's the model we had the best experiences with. And then, choose a schedule. And I want you to make sure this is running at half past midnight UTC time. And that depends on your time zone. So, I'm in Dubai right now, so 4:00 a.m. in the morning is 00 UTC. And I will run this half an hour after that. And the reason for that is that the prompt relies on the trend radar data, which gets updated on a daily basis and it takes about 15 to 20 minutes to update it. And I want to make sure that my trading automation, the prompt, runs after the latest data is available. And then simply make sure that the Signum connector is there and remove all the other connectors to save on tokens. And the only thing left to do is to click create and that makes it fully automatic. Now, the AI will execute this trading prompt with all the rules that it has inside, as you can see here, when to exit longs, when to exit shorts, when to go long, when to go short. All the stuff is written there in plain English. You can read it yourself to understand what it's doing. And it will execute itself every day at this hour and it will even send you a summary email once it's done because that's what it says in the prompt. This is how the email looks like and is super helpful in the morning when I wake up to see what my AI automations did. It tells me the value of my portfolio in dollars, net asset value. It tells me which trades it made, closing trades, opening trades. As you can see, it entered quite a lot of short positions because we're in a bear market right now. So, this email is very helpful. And this is how it looks for me. As you can see here, it's scheduled and it runs every day executing this prompt to scan the market and trade this portfolio for me. Of course, I have multiple of those set up, but let's click on one of these executions and see how they look like. And this is how it looks like when the AI is executing that prompt. You're not going to see it until you click on it because the AI is really talking to itself, but later on you can come here and you can check what it was doing. It wants to trade Atom, right? So, first of all, it has to set the trading pair for Atom and then send the trading signal and it does that for all of the assets it wants to trade. And then this is a summary and then I get the email and the whole thing starts all over again tomorrow. But now, let's go back to our routine and run this prompt now and remember we have a bot connected which has 100 USDC. Let's see how it will be trading this and while it is processing, let me show you something cool. These are one of the first reactions from people using the AI automation. As you can see here, mind-blowing. This user here says, "Wow, wow, wow." It converted USDC to USDT because it needed it to trade a coin. It did that fully automatically. And this user here saying that the AI stuff is amazing that well, I'm on fire and that this group just went on another level. And of course, I'm happy to hear that, but now let's see what the AI did here with our trading prompt execution. As you can see here, there is nothing to go long on which makes sense. The market is pretty bearish, but there is something to go short on, but it could not do that because I have not enough money on my account. Because remember, I have 100 USDC here, which you can also see in the connected Signum bot. And it wanted to go short on Uniswap with 5% of net asset value. That would be worth $5, but we have a limit to the downside. We have to trade with more than $10. It's part of the prompt. You can change if you want, but basically that is dust and that's why it skipped that order. It also wanted to go short on meme core, but there is no tradeable pair on this exchange to trade that coin, so it skipped that, which is perfect. So you see, I made a mistake. I should have put 200 USDC in there because then this order would go through. So the minimum that you need to trade this prompt is 200 USDC. So I went back to HyperLiquid and now I have 200 USDC on it, which I can also see in Signum when I reload the bot page. And when I run this routine again, then you can see the AI opened a short position and well, it's already in profit, but that's just coincidence. Congratulations, you have just automated your entire crypto portfolio with AI, which I think it's going to be a game-changer for you. And if you want to upgrade your trading game and you want more than these two prompts, then consider joining the auto trading master class because then you get access to all of these prompts, especially this one which is at 12,226% net profit. And as well, for people with higher portfolios, we have this prompt here which has a very low drawdown when you think about that this prompt is trading the riskiest part of crypto, also making 8,417% since 2018. And people who want to beat the S&amp;P 500 also get the stocks prompt, which is at 506% P&amp;L with a very low drawdown over the time frame because this is buy and hold on S&amp;P 500 and it made only 178% profit with 18.82% max drawdown, which is worse on every metric compared to our prompt. In the auto trading master class, you learn way more than just these prompts. Of course, this is my entire system on how to automate your portfolio and how to do risk management. So, if you care about that, then go to auto trading VIP and check out what I say in this video, read the reviews, do your research. This is not for everyone. You need it when you need it, not before. And once you have access to it, it's of course a total game-changer, which you can see in the reviews. So, if you like what you're hearing on this website when you watch the video, then make sure to click on apply for access and if there is a match, you can join. Holy moly, guys. Congratulations. You just learned how to automate your entire portfolio with AI. And this is just the beginning. And yeah, it's mind-blowing. I'm automating my portfolio like this, but not just like this because for the big coins, okay, the ones that I think can be automated with my personal trading strategy, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, and some others, I don't use AI for that. And if you want to know why, then ask me down below and as well, come to the Telegram group. We can talk about all of this over there, especially if you have further questions, if you need a help, the link will be down below. And if you want to know why buy and hold is the worst possible strategy for risk assets, then this is the next video you must watch. &gt;&gt; It's trading view. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Stop loss set, watch the price rise and fall.