A few months ago, I shared this video teaching my earnings trading strategy and it was a big hit. This video got hundreds of comments from people who tried the strategy and made profit. In this video, I'm going to share not just one but three strategies that you can trade for earnings. I'm sharing this example on Nvidia, but this strategy can work on a lot of different stocks. This video is for education purpose only. The ideas shared in this video are not recommendations. They are just examples to demonstrate how the strategy works. Earnings trades are highly risky. In a losing trade, you can lose 50 to 100% of your capital. So, consult your financial advisor and do your own research before making any decision. This strategy is based on data, not luck or charting or technical analysis. These strategies have well over 75% win rate. For example, for Nvidia over the last 3 years, if I traded this strategy on Nvidia for every single earnings, the first strategy would have had a 100% win rate. The second strategy would also have had a 100% win rate. And the third strategy had 75% win rate. Most people trade earnings based on gut feelings, luck, or technical analysis. I don't use any of that. My strategy is based on purely on data and it does not require watching charts. It is small account friendly. You can trade this using as little as a few hundred dollars and it is very low effort. I only need 15 minutes to make these trades. Before we go into the trade mechanics, understand these two core concepts. The first is expected move. An expected move basically means how much the market is anticipating a stock to go up or down by given time period. In this case, the market is expecting Nvidia to go up or down by 5.7%. We don't know whether it's going up. We We know whether it's going down, but we know that there's a high likelihood that it is going to trade within this range. And the second concept is implied volatility. When implied volatility goes up, option prices goes higher. When implied volatility comes down, the option prices also come down. Going into the earnings, the IV is really juiced up. So, it inflates the option prices. And right after the earnings, the IV comes down. In this case, historically, the IV comes down by 12.4 8% for Nvidia right after the earnings. And when that happens, the option prices collapse, which is why when you buy call or put for options, you can lose even if you're right. So, in this case, Nvidia is trading around $190 at the time of this video, but this can change by the earnings date. And the expected move right now is 5.7%, which is a $10.8 up or down move. That means on the downside, Nvidia can go till 179 or on the upside, it can go till 200. So, there is a very high chance that Nvidia is going to open between 179 to $200 right after the earnings. Now, this is not going to be completely accurate every single time, but it is spot on most of the times. Now, using this data, we can trade three different strategies. I went back and looked at Nvidia's earnings performance for the last 3 years. And based on that data, I have these clear patterns. The first is that Nvidia opened green 11 out of 12 times. That means right after earnings, either Nvidia opened slightly higher or much higher or at least flat. For most of the times, there was only one scenario when it opened in red, and even that was a very small margin. And the second data point is that Nvidia stayed within the expected move nine out of 12 times. So, that means 75% of the time it stays within the given expected move. And it did not break the downside move even a single time over the last 12 earnings. Now, using this data I can create three different option strategies. The first one is a short put strategy which has had a 100% win rate over the last 3 years for Nvidia. That means that if we sold a short put on Nvidia, we would have won 100% of the times over the last 3 years. And even if we sold a put credit spread, which we can do for a significant smaller capital, that would have also won 100% of the times over the last 3 years. So, let's jump into OptionShed and model some real trade ideas. So, let's first sell a short put. The expiration date is going to be 27th, which is right after the earnings. And since Nvidia is at 190 right now, we know that the downside move is going to be about 179. So, we can select something just right under it. So, in this case, if I select 177.5 put strike, it is going to be about 20 delta. And for this, I'm going to receive $195 in credit, which is also going to be my max profit. That means I have about 84% chance of making profit in the strategy. Now, let's model some real trade ideas using these strategies. The first one is going to have a higher capital requirement, but I'm also going to show you ideas with lower capital requirement which you can do with as little as a few hundred dollars. So, in this case, first I'm going to select an expiration date, which is going to be February 27th. I want to select an expiry which is right after the earnings date. So, in this case, the earnings is on the evening of 25th. So, I'm going to select the 27th Feb expiration date. Now, I want to sell a put which is slightly under the expected move. We know that Nvidia is trading at 190 and the downside range is at 179. So, I'm going to go out and sell a put which is just below the downside range. So, this is going to be at 177.5 strike, which is at 20 delta. That means I have about 84% chance of profit in this trade. I'm going to receive $195 credit. Now, if you're selling a cash-secured put, the capital requirement is going to be about $7,500. Now, it says that this is also going to be the max loss, but max loss is only going to happen if NVDA goes to zero. I don't think there is any possibility of that happening. So, realistically, if NVDA goes down 5 to 10%, we're going to be okay because over here we have quite a bit of downside protection. In this case, we have 7.5% downside protection. That means as long as NVDA stays over 177.5 after earnings, I get to keep this credit as my profit. Now, in this case, based on the data, I have a high degree of confidence that NVDA is going to at least stay flat or slightly higher after earnings. So, I don't really need a lot of downside protection, which is why I can move my strike price to based on the current price just under it so that I have a little bit of downside protection, but I am receiving more credit. So, if I move my strike to 187.5, which is just below the current price, my credit is going to be much higher. I'm going to receive $490 credit for this, and now my break even is higher. I have about 3.8% downside protection, and 69% chance of profit. Based on the data, the data says that 11 out of 12 times NVDA opened flat or higher. So, if that trend holds, then I can make more profit in this setup. Now, this one is at 42 delta. Anything under 50 delta is good. If I'm selling a cash-secured put, then the capital requirement is $18,260, but I I also sell this put on margin and in that case my margin requirement is only going to be about $3,564 and I don't really have to pay any interest on this margin. Now, if you want to make this trade with just a few hundred dollars and also significantly reduce your risk, then I can buy a put as a hedge and turn it into a put credit spread. So, in that case, I can have five to 10 point difference between both strikes. So, if I'm selling 187.5 and buying 182.5, this is going to be a five point put credit spread. Now, in this case, my credit will be 175, but my capital requirement is now only $325. In this case, my max profit is capped at 175, my max loss is capped at 325. That means I can make 54% return on my investment in just a single overnight trade. And in this case, I also have a bit of downside protection. I have about 2.1% downside protection. That means if Nvidia opens over 187.5 after earnings, I can capture most of the profit right at market open. This is where the concept of IV crush comes into play. Now, in case after earnings on the morning of 26th, if Nvidia opens at 190, let's say it just stays flat and it opens at 190. And in this case, you can see that it can make 22% return on investment, but in this case, the IV crush is going to come into play. So, let's simulate if IV comes down significantly after earnings, you can see that I can realize most of my profit, which can be close to 35 to 40% right at market open. Now, if you want to increase your chances of profit, I can reduce this strike to down to based on the expected move. So, if I turn this into a 175 and 180 put credit spread, that means I'm selling 180 and buying 175 put. In this case, I will receive about $99 credit and my max loss is $401. That means I can make 25% return on my investment. And now the chance of profit is 87% and the downside protection is minus 5.7%. So in this case, even if Nvidia drops down to $180, I can still make 25% return. The IV crush is going to help us here as well. So you can see here that if I reduce the implied volatility, it is going to capture most of the profit right at market open on the morning of 26th. If you would have traded any of these strategies over the last 3 years, every single time for Nvidia earnings, you would have won every single time. It had a 100% win rate over the last 3 years, but that does not means that it is going to win every single time in the future as well. It's possible that the next one it might go down and things can be very different. So for that reason, I like to use another strategy called an iron condor. In an iron condor, I can make profit even if the stock goes up, even if the stock goes down, or even if it stays flat. So I have more possibilities there, but because Nvidia has been a very bullish stock for the last 3 years, the win rate for the iron condor is slightly lower than put spread, but it is still very profitable. The win rate has been 75% over the last 3 years. That means nine wins and three losses. And the losses that came to it were because Nvidia went up a lot after earnings. So let's go back to Option Strat and model an iron condor trade. So again, I'm going to select February 27th as the expiration. The expiration date is always the date immediately after the earnings date. In an iron condor, I'm going to sell both call and put and capture premium with IV crush on both sides. So in this case, we want to refer back to our trading range. In this case, we want to refer back to the expected move, which is 179 on the downside and 200 on the upside. So, first I want to move my short put strike to a point which is right below the expected move, and then I will move my call strike to a point which is right above the expected move. So, in this case, I can sell 177.5 put and 202.5 call, and I can turn this into a five-point wide spread. So, I'm going to buy a call at 207.5 and buy a put at 172.5. Now, in this case, the profit and loss graph looks like this. If Nvidia trades between 177.5 to 202.5 after earnings, I can make maximum profit. If it goes out of the range, in that case, I can lose. So, for this trade, I'm going to get $151 credit, where my maximum loss is capped at $349, and it has a 65% chance of profit, but based on the historic data, this trade has had a 75% win rate over the last 3 years. And now, this has a protection on both sides, but there is also risk on both sides. So, after earnings, Nvidia has to stay between 176 to 204 for this trade to make some profit. The implied volatility crush is also going to help us in this trade. So, if we reduce the implied volatility, you can see that it can make well over 40% profit right at market open if Nvidia opens within this range. The main thing in this strategy is the trade execution. Here is my step-by-step workflow. The first thing I do is look at the expected move, and then find stocks which historically tend to stay within the expected move, and based on the historic data, I decide what kind of strategy I want to go with. Do I want to sell a put, a put spread, an iron condor. There are some more advanced strategies also that I use. And then I open my trade right before market close around 3:45 p.m. So, if the earnings is reported in the evening, then you will open the trade before market close on the same day. If the earnings are being reported in the morning, then you will open the trade a day before in the evening right before the market close. And then the most important part is taking profit. I'm ready to take profit right at market open next day. The reason why you want to take profit immediately after market open is because there are going to be cases when the trade opens in a big profit, but it can quickly turns against to you because after earnings, the stock can have a lot of movement immediately after the market open. For example, over the last 1 year, I've seen this pattern with Nvidia that Nvidia opens green most of the time, but then people start to sell off. So, don't forget to take profit. I need to open the trade right before market close and take profit right after the market open. Don't have to watch chart. I'm just relying on data. And this only takes like 15 minutes of my day. I don't have to watch my trades all day. I don't have babysit it. I don't have to carry a lot of large positions. I just make small trades and make profits consistently over time. Just like any trading strategy, this strategy also have certain risk, so it's very important to understand them. The biggest risk is if the stock gaps against you. So, in Nvidia's case, Nvidia's biggest gap has been about plus 26% over the last 3 years. Now, if you were selling a bull put spread or if you were selling puts, it would have made profit, but some stocks can also gap down against you. Past is not the future. All this data is based on the past history. The future can be different. The market makers are very good and efficient at pricing in the expected move. They have access to a lot of data, algorithms, and information and they're way smarter than us. So, they can be right most of the time, but sometimes even they can be wrong. And in those cases, the trade is going to lose. If you sell a cash secured put in a worst case scenario, you can take assignment of the stock. If you're selling a naked put, either you will have to cut the losses or you will need to come up with the capital to acquire the shares and ride it out for a long time. So, using spreads can define your risk and that way you can make trade with just a few hundred dollars where you do not have a big gap down risk. And then the most important one is position sizing. Do not risk large amounts on a single trade. I like to risk about 1 to 2% on a single trade, so that if I win a trade, I'm up 1%. If I lose a trade, I'm down 1% on my account. I will not blow up my account because of a single bad trade. And I tend to diversify between different trades on different tickers because I don't want to put all my eggs in one basket. I'm not going to make just one trade every earning season. Ideally, I would like to make a couple of trades every week. So, that in a week, if I make four trades, I win three out of them and lose one, I'm going to be net profitable and I can make consistent profits. Now, this strategy works really, really well, but what I've shared in this video is just the tip of the iceberg. If you want to learn and master the strategy in depth, you can check out the details in the description below in which I teach you my step-by-step process on how I find high win rate tickers. I share all my scanners with you, how to select the right option strategies. I also have some even more advanced strategies than what I've shared in this video and how to set up the optimal trade structure and how to be consistent and get consistent results using the strategy and how to use Use tools and the data to find these setups within minutes instead of spending all day watching charts. If you have any questions about the strategy, post them in the comments and I will try to answer as many as possible.