$89,000 profit this month selling put options with a win rate of 89% and the month is not even done yet. We still have one more week to go. In this video, I'm going to show you how I sell put options to generate a consistent monthly income. This is a simple strategy, but most people still don't know how to do it the right way. So, if you want to learn how to make a monthly income by selling put options, you want to watch this video till the end. I can refresh this page to show you that this is an actual platform and I can also go over all these charts and you we can also go over some of my trades and you can see that this is not something like Photoshop. This is a real trading platform. I also verify my results using a third-party platform called Kinfo. Here you can see that in the last 1 year I made $420,000 in verified profits. Selling puts is one of the simplest and most effective trading strategy because in this we can win even if we are wrong on the direction, we can win without day trading, without a lot of screen time, and we get paid up front when we make the trade and I have 90% win rate on the strategy. I will show you step-by-step on how I build my monthly income engine, how I find high probability trade setups, how to execute and manage the trades in the trading platform, and how the math makes money behind the strategy. If you stay till the end, I will show you my real trade breakdowns where the stock went down by 40 to 50% and how I still turn those trades into profit. This video is for education only. I'm not a licensed financial advisor. Any ideas I share in this video are for examples only. Talk to your financial advisor or do your own research before making any decisions. Here is how the strategy actually works. The reason why the reason why the strategy is so effective is because there can be four scenarios in the market. The market can go up, stay flat, or go down a little, or it can crash hard. Now, you can see that in three out of four scenarios, we win. As long as the stock stays above, goes up, or goes down a little, we are going to win. But, if we have a big market crash, in that case, temporarily, I'm going to lose, but in long term, I can still recover from the trade and come back in the green. And I'm going to show you some example of that as well. The way this strategy works is let's say a stock like Nvidia is right now trading at $208, and I think that over the next month, I expect the stock to go up, or at least hold a certain level. Now, if I think that Nvidia can stay above $200 over the next month, I can go out and sell a put option at 200 strike, and I will get paid a credit for it. When I sell a put option at 200 strike, as long as the stock holds this line over the next month, I'm going to win. So, if I go out and I sell at 200 strike put for October 2nd expiration, which is about 39 days, I will get $677 credit up front for it. This basically means that I'm selling an insurance to someone with a promise that I agree to buy 100 shares of this stock at 200 price by the given expiration date. Now, at the expiration date, if the stock is above $200, nobody would want to sell me shares at a discounted price. In that case, this option is going to expire worthless, and I get to keep $677 as profit. But, if the stock is under $200 at expiration, then I will have to buy 100 shares of this stock at $200, but I still get to keep this credit, which is going to offset my cost basis. So, instead of paying $20,000, my net cost is going to be about 19,332, which will set my cost basis and break even price at $193.23. So, in that case, that is going to give me 7.3% downside protection. So, that means as long as the stock trades over $193 till October 2nd, I can make some profit. If the stock is above $200, I make the full $677 profit. This is kind of like earning a rental income, but when things go against us, we have an option to buy shares, and then we can turn around and sell covered calls against it. And I'm going to show you an example of a trade like that in this video. So, theoretically, we have about 72% chance of making profit in this trade. Now, there are three ways to sell put option. One is that you sell a cash secured put. In that case, I need about $20,000 to make a trade like this. That means if I win this trade, I'm going to make 3.5% return on capital if the stock stays flat. But if the stock moves up fast, I can capture most of my profit within a couple of weeks. So, that can produce a higher annualized return. And the second option is to sell using portfolio secured margin. In that case, I only need about $3,320 to make a trade like this. And in that case, I will make about 20% return on my margin. But this is But selling on margin is also high risk. It is not for newbie. If you're newbie, you want to sell either cash secured put, or you can also sell a put spread where you can make a trade like this with just a few hundred dollars. To do that, you're basically going to sell a 200 strike put, and then you can buy a put at a lower strike. So, let's say I buy 190 strike put to hedge my position. So, in that case, I can make a trade like this with just $695, where my upside can be $305, which is about 31%. So, this is much more capital efficient. And in this trade, as long as the stock stays up And in this trade, as long as the stock stays above $200, I win this trade, and I I to keep this full credit. I made a lot of trades like this over the last couple of months and I posted most of them in my Discord channel. And here you can see that almost all the trades were like consistent winners. You can join my Discord using the link in the description below. But if you really want to be successful, you can't just do that by copying somebody else's trades. If you don't know what you're doing, you cannot have a conviction in a trade. To do that, you need to understand the strategies on how to fish for yourself, how to make your own trades, and how to manage trades when things go against you. How you can roll and adjust your way out of losing trades and turn them into break even and winners. I'm going to show you some example breakdowns, but if you want to learn the full process, then check out my coaching program in the description below. In the coaching program, I teach you my income generation strategies, delta neutral strategies, so we can make trades without relying on the market direction, rolling and adjustments, what to do when things go against you. And I also give you my screeners and back test, which you can use to systematically make your trades. And when you sign up for the coaching program, you also get access to the Discord membership included in it. You can join using the link in the description below. To find high probability option selling opportunities, I like to use the Moomoo trading platform because in their mobile app, they have a very powerful feature called option selling dashboard. So, let's go to the Moomoo mobile app. Here I can go to markets and then options and I will scroll down a little bit to find the seller dashboard. Now, if I go to the seller dashboard, there are two options here, cash secured put and covered call. So, I'll go to cash secured put. Now, this tool is going to show me some lucrative opportunities to sell put options, so I can go to filters to set my criteria. Now, I'm sharing my own criteria, but feel free to modify and set up criteria that works for your risk profile. So, I'll set up market cap at $1 billion and then go down and and select days to expiration at 28 to 60 DTE. So, that means I will mostly get opportunities where the days to expiration is about 4 to 8 weeks. And then go down and set the OTM probability to 70%. That means it will only show me trade opportunities where I can have more than 70% probability of profit. And then go down. And here I want at least 24% annualized ROI on cash secured put. So, if I'm selling a put option with 1 month expiration, it will typically at least have 2% return on cash. Now, if you're using margin or put spread, then of course it is going to be much higher. But this is my minimum baseline that I want to set. And then save. Now, it is going to show you a lot of different option contracts. Uh here it is showing individual option contracts with expiration dates and strikes. And you can pick and choose what you like. We can also go here and sort it by annualized ROI high to low so that it is showing the highest so that it is showing the highest ROI opportunities first. If I see a ticker which I don't know about, which I don't want to own, I'm not going to trade it. I only want to focus on stocks which I would like to own because the goal is that we collect premiums month after month. But if we have a bad month, then we get shares assigned, then we hold the shares and run the wheel strategy. So, don't just chase the high ROI. You want to chase high quality with high ROI. And here we can also go back and set it to market cap $10 billion so that it is only going to show us large cap and ETFs. Now, here we see SOXL ETF, which is a 3x leverage ETFs on semiconductors. Now, leverage ETFs like SOXL, TECL, TQQQ, they offer a very high ROI. You can easily make 5% or more in a month and it can work really well if you are comfortable holding that ETF because when it comes to draw downs leverage ETFs can be double edge sword. They can go up a lot but they can also go down a lot. So you want to focus on tickers which you would like to own. If you want to have a leverage ETF in your portfolio then that is something you want you can consider. Now here I see Nebius which looks interesting to me. Nebius stock went up a lot recently and then it came back down. It had a good earnings and now it looks like it is in consolidation again. So here it is suggesting that we can sell 175 strike put for September 25 expiration which is about 32 days. I can get about $727 premium for it. You ideally want to look at stocks which you would like to own. If this is not a stock you would like to own then this is not for you. You can keep moving on and find something you like. Let's look at its chart. So here we can see that it is in a long term uptrend but lately it has had a pullback with all of the AI related stocks and it had a big run up on earnings and now it has it is now back down to the point where it was before earnings. So if we can sell 175 put which is going to be about this level. Last month when all of the AI and semiconductor stocks were dumping this stock put in a bottom at 150. So here if you are selling 175 strike it is actually pretty close to that bottom. So if I want to if I'm not comfortable at 175 I can even consider selling at 150. In that case worst case scenario if the trade goes against me I will get shares assigned at 150. So now let's model this in Option Strat. Here we can see that 175 put will get a $727 credit and it will set the break even price at $167 which is 20% downside protection. That means stock can go up it can go sideways and I can still make profit as long as it stays above $168. Now, if I want to push my break-even point down to 150, I can reduce the strike price. But in that case, I'm only going to get 277 credit, but I will have higher chance of profit. So, it is up to you how you want to set it up. There are a lot of possibilities. For me personally, I like to go for somewhere between 20 delta to 30 delta. So, if I'm selling 20 delta put, it is going to be at 175 strike. Here, I can make 4.3% return on cash-secured put. And if I'm using margin, my margin is only going to be couple thousand dollars. And in that case, I'm getting $727 credit. But you can also convert it into a put spread. To do that, all you have to do is buy another put, which can be 10 to 20 points below the short strike. So, in that case, I can make 26% return on investment with a 78% chance of profit. So, this this is my ideal setup. I like to select delta between 20 to 30 delta with 4 to 8 weeks expiration. And if the trade starts to work my way, I can start taking profit at 40 to 50% and by the time it makes 70 to 80% profit, I can close most of my position. Now, at what level I take profit can be sometimes subjective because it is time-weighted. So, if I enter a trade with 6 weeks expiration, and in week one or week two, it makes 40% profit, I'm very happy with it because now I'm instead of waiting for 6 weeks, I'm able to capture half the profit in just one or two weeks. That makes my much higher annualized return. And then I can move on to my next trade. And also sometimes when a trade runs up fast, chances are that it may not go straight up. It can go up 50% then come back down. In that case, I can re-enter the same trade again and get in and out of the same trade couple of times and capture even higher profit. Now, while selecting Delta, if you select Delta, which is you are going to have a higher win rate. With higher Delta, you are going to have lower win rate. Some people go way out of the money and try to sell five or 10 Delta put. With that, you will have 90% win rate, but your wins are going to be much smaller. And when you lose, your losses are going to be bigger. And when I do 20 to 30 Delta, that is usually the sweet spot where I can have 80 to 90% win rate. But when the trade goes against me, I'm getting it at a substantially lower cost basis that either I can roll or take an assignment and then work my way out of it. Now, what is the best time to sell put? I like to sell puts when implied volatility is high because that's when we get more downside protection, we get higher premiums, and the trade will have higher chance of making profit fast. So, I like to look at these three parameters. The first is VIX. VIX should be between 15 to 30 because when it's less than 15, at that point, the premiums are too low. They are not pricing in the risk. When the VIX is more than 30, in that scenario, the market is in a panic mode. In that case, instead of putting on new trades, I am more focused on defending my existing positions. That is the bigger priority for me. And I want the IV rank to be above 30 and IV percentile to be above 50. To sell this put option, I will click the trade button, then select order type as limit, and then I can select my limit price here. So, I'm going to enter 7.5 for now and then click the sell button, and it will give you this warning. Just click continue. And here I can see the order details and then confirm and submit my order. To sell cash secured puts, you need level one options approval. But if you want to sell portfolio secured puts using margin, you need level four options approval. And if you want to sell put credit spreads, then you need level three options access. Some brokers make it very hard to get higher tier options access and they have very high capital requirements, but Moomoo has a very simple process. They just require $2,000 in assets to apply for level three options and you need $10,000 to apply for level four options. The Moomoo platform is very robust and it has very powerful features for option traders including options flow, unusual activities, zero DT, and option screeners. They offer commissions free options trading and when you sign up using the link in the description below, you can even get up to $1,000 in welcome bonus. Thanks to Moomoo for sponsoring this segment. Now, let's go into the trade breakdowns. First, I'll go over easy wins where I just made a trade and won within a week or two weeks and the and then we will go into more complex trades where things went against me, stock dropped 40 to 50% and I still turned it into a profit. The first trade is on Sandisk which I opened on August of 6. The stock fell down last month and then it made a floor at $1,000 and that is where I sold my put option. I sold a thousand strike put for $7,200 credit. The spot price at that time was $1,200 and the margin requirement for this trade was $30,000. So, $7,200 credit on $30,000 margin is really good and this was an easy win because uh soon after opening the trade, the stock went up and I made and this trade was at 60 $800 profit in just 10 days. For cash secured put, this would be a 7.3% ROI which is 245% annualized return, but on margin, this was a 23% return. I made this trade on TSM where I sold a 360 strike put for $900 credit. The spot price at that time was 410 and soon after opening my trade, the stock dumped hard and I just held through my put. I did not need to make any adjustment because even after this jump, the stock stayed over my 360 strike price. So, I did not need to do anything. And then the stock recovered and my trade made $840 profit in just 90 days, which was about 22% return on margin. It is 430% annualized return. And then I made this trade on Coreweave where the stock had a big crash of 43% in a couple of weeks and I still turned this trade into profit. Here is how it worked. I sold 85 strike port for $530 when the stock was trading at 105. That means my break-even price would be about $80, which is about 20% below the spot price. But then the stock had a big crash and it went straight through my strike. On this day, I got 100 shares assigned with a cost basis of about $80. And next day the stock went up a little and then I sold a covered call at 90 strike and I collected additional $720 credit for it, which reduced my cost basis to $71.8. So, even though when I entered this trade, the stock was at 105, I was able to bring the cost basis down to just 71.8. At this point, I sold the covered call for next month expiration, which was 21st of August. So, the stock went lower after that, but then it had a recovery leading into the earnings and right after earnings, it had this pop and it came back into the $110 range. So, at that time, I was able to close my shares and covered call for net $89.2 credit. So, that means my cost basis was 71.8, exit was 89.2. That makes a total profit of $1,740, which makes 21.8% return on investment on a fully cash secured position, which is 162% annualized. So, even though the stock went completely against me, I was still able to turn it around and make a very big profit. And if you see, the stock is now back down to 86, but I am already out with profit. And even in this case, even if the stock did not go up a lot, on 21st of August, the stock was near $90 strike, and I would have still made about the same amount of profit even in that scenario. Here is another trade where the stock went down 52% after my entry, and I still turned it into profit using my ruling strategy. I sold 48 strike put on Iron for $310 credit. The spot price was $60 at the time of entry, and after that, the stock took like a straight dump, and it went down to 45. At that point, I rolled my put down to 45 for additional $18 credit. So, my total credit at that point received was 3.28, which reduces my breakeven to 41.72. So, in this case, as long as the stock holds this $41.7 line, I can still come back into green. But, the stock went even lower after that. It went down to $30, but I kept holding my position because it was not assigned. So, I held the position, and after that, the stock recovered after a couple of weeks. And at that point, when the stock came back to 45, the trade was in $173 profit. And a couple of days after that, this trade was at 48 cent on the day of expiration with a $280 profit on one contract. Now, in all these examples, I'm showing you with one contract, but I can be trading 10 contracts, 20 contracts, or even 50 contracts in some situations, depending on the capital requirement for that trade. If the trade is on a small-size ticker, then I'm going with more contracts, but if it is a more expensive stock, then I'm going with fewer contracts. Here is another trade where the stock dropped 42%, and I still turned it into profit. This trade is on Marvel, where I sold 220 strike put for 920 credit when the stock was trading at $280. And soon after my entry, the stock started dumping just like all the other tech and semiconductor stocks. And at that point, I rolled my 220 strike put to the next month expiration for September for an additional $850 credit. So, I received $920 credit to open the trade, and then I received another $850 credit to roll out my trade to the next month. So, total credit received was and that reduces my break-even point to Now, in this case, if the stock can recover back to above 202, I can be in profit. So, after this stock had some recovery and I was able to close my trade for $6 debit with a net profit of $1,170. Now, in this case, I was able to turn profit here even though the stock was still down 14% from my entry. And you know what? If I did not roll my trade here, I would have still made $795 profit on the original expiration date. Because I sold 220 strike put on the day of expiration, the spot price for this stock was $218. In that case, this trade was actually in $795 profit. Because I rolled my position to the next month for additional credit, I was able to make more profit than even my initial credit. If you made it this far, you are on your way to becoming the top 1% of the traders. So, if you like this video, don't forget to hit the like and subscribe button. And if you have any questions, post them in the comments and I will try to answer as many questions as possible.