That's right, guys. Crypto is pumping while I'm on vacation and I'm up more than the pump itself. How is that even possible? I will show you in this video and also which system I'm using so you can do the same. And of course, my entire community is super happy about this result. As you can see here, why was it pumping in the first place and do we need to predict this event in order to benefit from them? Ethereum pumped about 19% while my Ethereum position that you can see right here is up 22.1%. Solana is up 13% while my Solana position right here is up 15% already. But how did the AI strategy even know to be in these positions before the pump? Does it know something or was it just luck? And I also want to show you my largest profit which is on the pump coin is 104% profit. Everything is 1x leverage by the way. And this trade is super legendary. I will show you that later. I suggest you stick around until the end of this short but gamechanging video where I will show you exactly which system this is and as well how you can use it for yourself. And I also hope that you appreciate the transparency. Me showing you live positions on my Hyperlquid account, not just some reconstruction from the past. But even with a good system, you need to know how to use it. And that means you need to avoid a couple of traps, which I will also talk about in this video. And to celebrate our success, we might even have added a coupon code somewhere in this video. So get your coffee and pay attention because this video might actually change your trading game forever. And also show some love to this video. Like it if it adds any value. And of course consider subscribing to this channel if you want to learn more about algorithmic trading with AI so you don't have to waste your time watching the charts. Keep in mind this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money. Yes. And today without the glasses because they're reflecting way too much of the room that I'm in right now. But anyway, let's get started. But why did the crypto market pump so quickly so much out of nowhere? And the answer is very simple. The US Treasury made an announcement. And that announcement, well, changed everything. They came out yesterday with a bombshell saying that they will double down on buying their own bonds. They will spend more than 4 billion per issue, per bond auction. And that is double the amount they spent before, which was 2 billion. But why does it matter so much for the crypto market? Well, because it looks like the government will print as much money as possible to buy their own bonds to push the yields down because they cannot afford to pay such high yields for 30 years. Okay? And that means that they will print the money because they don't make enough from taxes, right? Or where else would they get the money from? And simply the market expects that there will be inflation in the dollar and that's why Bitcoin was created, right? Because back in the day we bailed out the banks and now it looks like we're going to bail out the government. Bitcoin doesn't need bailout. Bitcoin cannot be inflated and that is why it's pumping and it's dragging the entire crypto market with it. And by the way, the last time the yields were that high was one year before the financial crisis. Oh my god, the reaction from the market was violent as you have seen in the charts. The beautiful thing is that you don't need to predict this which the entire video proves. The AI strategy was invested weeks before so that it can benefit from events like these. Don't predict, react. And the pump came literally out of nowhere. Let's play this back and remove these last two candles. As you can see, this is how the chart looked like on Bitcoin. And this was the local top right here. It didn't even touch that. It barely broke above my trend detector line and then suddenly bam. Right? This is absolute madness. And so the question is how did my AI strategy know to be invested in this before the pump happened? Because that is how it's able to have more profit than the pump itself. The reason why it can do that is because it's running this prompt with the trading rules every single day as you can see here for a while now. So, it had some time to scan the market by using the trend radar data which you can see here on my screen. So, it's basically going through all the major crypto coins and scanning for opportunities and entering them whenever the trading rules allow. And those rules have triggered a buy on Ethereum as you can see on my chart on the 3rd of August. And that was literally 15 days before the pump itself. So, way early. No need to read the news fully automatically. Okay. And that is how it's able to now benefit from that. And that is true for a lot of other positions as you can see here also for pump. And pump is pumping quite dramatically. And I entered that one on the 16th of July. And since then it's in an uptrend. The AI is holding on to it because it's a trend following system. So as long as the trend is going in the right direction, it's going to hold on to that position. and is now up 111% guys. How cool is that? Let's look at one more coin guys. We are looking at Solana right here and I'm on a 1 hour chart so I can show you much better when it entered. So you can see here 18th of August beginning of the day and that is how it was able to capture the entire move here 14.73%. And when we go to Trading View and we check out how much the pump actually was, you can see that it was 12.9%. meaning that in order to get the performance that I have right now, you have to enter before the pump, which is exactly what happened. Was it luck or does the strategy know something? Now, in order to answer that question, let me show you the equity line of this strategy of this portfolio in the last 30 days. And as you can see here, it was not really immediately in profit. As you can see here, it went up, it went down. there was a draw down of 2.72% which in hindsight you don't care about but while using this strategy and seeing it go sideways for so long which by the way the entire crypto market went sideways as well I had to endure the entire sideways move and stay allocated and automated so I can be ready like a lion to strike when the opportunity comes and that is how I was early and I was there before the pump of course the market went sideways and my portfolio also went sideways. That's fine. But when the market goes up, I want to be in the opportunities. And as you can see here, I have 25 positions. Actually, I think now it's 26 positions that are in profit. And as you can see here, the pump position went even higher while recording this video. In fact, my entire portfolio went higher while cutting this video. And that is why I think this is not luck, guys. This is simply sticking to a strategy long enough, being patient, and not freaking out when the market is boring. In my last video, I told you guys that I was 95% in cash, waiting for the right moment to strike, not fomoing in early. Now, this is the signal, the AI strategy figured it out. I think you should have watched that before to be ready. Watch it after this video if you want to learn how the game is played. The link is up top. But there is still a trap that you can run into. Even though the strategy is great, but you might not know how it works and then you interpret it the wrong way. Let me show you what I mean. And so if you're using this strategy or a similar strategy from my universe, then you have to understand one thing is that I'm doing trend following. And that means that when the strategy closes positions, that is often because they're not going in the right direction. So if you look at the trading history, you will see a lot of small losing trades, right? Because the big ones, they are in an uptrend, okay, or in a downtrend, but in profit. And the strategy's mission is to stick to this trade for as long as this trend continues. Okay, so why would I sell pump for example if the trend is still mega strong? I want to stay in the trade. Okay, there's no reason to close that. Once it's closed, it will be a very positive and profitable trade. But in the meantime, there will be a lot of small losses because the strategy is cleaning away all of the nonprofitable trades fast because small losses are easy to digest. But if we let the losses become larger, that would be a problem, right? And that is why you see a lot of open positions that are in profit because their trend is still intact. And a lot of people don't understand and they think that the strategy has to trade every day in a profit. But that's not the case. What it has to do though, and that is why I showed you the equity line, it has to grow your portfolio value over time. Of course, it needs time for that because a trend following system. And that's another trap that a lot of people fall into because you cannot make specific amount of money per month, right? Because it really depends on the market conditions. Those are the two traps that a lot of you are falling into which basically strips away your chances even to use a strategy like this which is very profitable. But if you can't use it long enough, you will not benefit from it. Okay, Michael, but what is the trading strategy that you're using behind you? I want to use the same one. How can I get access? Well, thanks for the question. Let me put myself down there. And the strategy I'm using is on the strategies page of signnum.money. I will put the link down below. And I am an autotrading member because well that's my VIP program. And so this is the strategy that I was showing you all the time in this video. These are the KPIs and this is the equity line. And what I'm doing is I just select the bot I want to use it with. I copy the prompt. I create a routine in Claude. I already have it here and this is my routine and I just paste the prompt in there. And the prompt has all the rules for trading the way that it's doing. Right? And there is a video on my channel which is pretty popular 100,000 views explaining how to set up your portfolio automation with clawed routines. Go and watch it later if you want to start using this system. It takes literally 5 minutes and you can have the same thing running now. The only thing is that in order to get access to this particular strategy, you need to be a member of the autotrading masterass. You can check out the link down below autotrading.vip and also check out the website. Read what it says there. do your research if you want to join or not. It's not super cheap to join, but you can see the results are very good. And if you don't want to join, it's totally fine. You can just create a Signum account and use this particular strategy, which is built on the Trend Radar Gshion channel report, and it's also long short. The KPIs are less than the ones from the member strategy, but they're still very good and it's a great one to start with. You don't need to join anything, but if you decide to do so, here is a coupon code to make it even easier for you. 20% off with the coupon code AI bull. AI bull market red bull. You choose, but AI bull is the code minus 20% when you use it at checkout. In signum, you will see that there is a minus 10% already, but simply go to the checkout and put AI bull and it will apply 20%. Don't wait too long. This coupon code will expire at the end of August. So, if you want to join, do it now. But first, why not create a Signum account for free and just set up the AI strategy that is available to you right now. You should watch this video because I'm explaining there step by step how to do that. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Strategies. We know what to do. [music] Yeah. Do. Yeah. Yeah. Stop. Loses [singing] set. Watch the bus rise [music] and